The code of Project Flux Gear in source and/or binary is the intellectual property of Team Magnequasar (Mortvana, MasterAbdoTGM50, Drullkus, and Gyro (Glassmaker, TheMike, Blorph, MysteriousAges, and Tiktalik get a mention too, as they are honorary members)). The end user (From here on know as "You") may not reproduce or modify Project Flux Gear for public distribution without prior permission. You can however redistribute official Project Flux Gear compiled binaries in modpacks with adequate permissions for other mods to be included. Any modpack using Project Flux Gear takes **full** responsibility for user support queries, and the **MODPACK TEAM** should report bugs to us (if you can properly report a bug, go ahead :P). For anyone else, we only support official builds from the main CI servers, or from CurseForge, not custom built jars. We also do not take bug reports for outdated versions of Minecraft. You are allowed to fork and modify Project Flux Gear, and submit Pull Requests, and even port it if the whole team happens to spontaneously implode and/or drop the project and/or wont updated to the horrible place called C++, I (Mortvana) mean 1.8. You can copy portions of code for use in other projects, or even use our (Team Magnequasar's) code as a dependency for other mods. Any contributions to this repository are automatically licensed under this license, so if you don't agree with it, you probably shouldn't contribute. Any code heavily copied from, derived from, or building on our code must be publicly visible; You keep rights to your OWN code, but you still should make your source visible (Honestly, you should do that either way :P). You are forbidden from claiming any code, which you did not write as your own. Also, just use common sense and follow Wheaton's Law.